---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2023-09-06
draft: false
menu:
  main:
    name: "Privacy Policy"
    weight: 3
---
Last Updated: 09/06/2023

This Privacy Policy outlines how Webber.legal ("we," "us," or "our") collects, uses, discloses, and protects the personal information of visitors to our site ("Website"). We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring the security of your personal information.

By accessing and using this Website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

# Information We Collect

We only collect information that is derived from Google Analytics, which includes visitor location (country and city), visitor time, and device information. This information is stored solely on the Google Analytics Dashboard.

# Use of Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to analyze how users interact with the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators, and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

For more information about Google Analytics and how it handles your data, please review Google's [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

# Disclosure of Information

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties unless we provide you with advance notice.

# Security

We implement reasonable security measures to protect your personal information. Although this static website inherently has fewer potential vulnerabilities compared to dynamic websites, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.

